Let's do something a little
bit more complex now,
which is let's do our circleci.yml.
Now I have a circleci.yml that I can use,
and I'm gonna just show it to you,
but it's not gonna be directly
related to any type of tool,
it's actually gonna be
related to automation.
So I run all of my
automation in the cloud,
as I'm sure most of us do, however,
I have made a decision to use
Pulumi everywhere, right?
So what that means is if I've
made a decision to use Pulumi,
I can also make decisions on
how jobs run in CI, right?
And if we look at this configuration, for
example, this is a circleci configuration.
You'll see that I have an orb at the top,
the TLDR on orbs,
it's a reusable way of using code.
It helps me so that I can use
the AWS CLI with their orb or
their package essentially.
So that's the only thing
to take away from that is,
this just makes it so
I have AWS CLI available to me.
The next thing, log into ECR.
This is a Docker file, right?
We're gonna use Docker files
pretty much everywhere.
So we need a standardized way
of authenticating with ECR.
Think about how many
configurations you've made,
where you had a ton of
boilerplate you had to do,
just to get it to work and
authenticate and all that stuff.
Here, you just get it out of the box.
We know you need to connect to ECR.
So add that to the template so
that you have it.
And so then we start talking
about build steps, right?
And so if we start looking
at this you'll notice that
I have heavily standardized
how some of this works.
But what we can do to kind of make
it fit for our circumstance is
instead of this saying SHA circle CI,
whatever, let's do this.
Let's say this is actually gonna
be the service name, Right?
And then this will be the service name.
As a matter of fact, there's more
places we can do that because look,
[LAUGH] I've got a bunch of names in
my configuration all over the place.
So how can we fix that?
Altf4llc pulumi github.
There.
Now, I can even inject image names into my
configuration based off
of the standardization
of service names and
stuff like that, all right?
And so then you'll see here after
we've got basically our job,
so our first job is our build job, right?
It sets up our AWS CLI for us, right?
It installs just or some other
things that we need, but then again,
the main point here is is that we're
passing in the service name of our
choice so that when we build it,
we just build this service.
We don't wanna build a different
service with a different name or
anything like that,
we wanna just build this service.
And after we build this service and
push that image right here,
right, then we wanna
reuse that image here.
But I don't know what the service
name is gonna be for the image.
However, we standardized in service
directory how we name things.
So because we standardize how we name
things and on top of it, we know that in
service directory we'll get a registry
repository, right, now we can expect
where our images are gonna be and automate
around it without being worried about it.
Okay, and so, again you can see here is
our refresh, our preview and our update.
Everything else is just
pretty much straight-forward.
So, again what we're really trying to
do is, we're just trying to look for
anything that have Pulumi GitHub or
anything that made this unique and
we're making it into a generic template
that we can then reuse, right?
And so now what we'll do,
is we'll go here,
and just like the dockerfile,
circleci, circleci yml, right?
And then here circleci.yml
cuz we wanna create the file,
and then this is gonna
be the circleci render.
I think I spelled that right,
circleci.yml.
Yeah, is it yml or ymal?
Yml, okay cool, all right?
There it is, DevOps course.
DevOps course.
The image, DevOps course, right?
The image, Devops course.
Now you don't even have to
write configuration CI anymore.
[LAUGH] So, as I said,
what is the purpose of this?
Is it to show you something cool and
just wow you?
No, [LAUGH] the main purpose of
this is to hope that you can see
how you can use programming
to save you time, right?
It's not just about making features and
things like that when it comes to DevOps.
It's about looking at
the time we're spending and
making sure that we're utilizing
that time appropriately.
I'm sure all of us can sit,
again, [LAUGH] here for
hours at sitting around
configuration files and would have
loved to just be able to hit up DevOps and
be like, can I just auto generate this?
You know what I mean?
Or, again, the service directory thing.
I just want a whole front end deployment.
Okay, cool.
Just add the configuration, you're done.
These types of tools at Hippo,
where I work,
have changed how we talk at Hippo as well,
because it's not so
much developers coming to us anymore for
help but
they're now just coming to us for
approvals, right?
The conversation shifted from, hey, can
we do this, to hey, can you approve this?
And that's a lot easier than having to go
through this whole other conversation of
like, why do you have to do it [SOUND]?
Having these standards and
these practices that they have to, again,
bump around, helps especially
with those kind of conversations.
Because, again,
we say what we support, right?
We support these docker files, we support
these CircleCI configurations, we support
these type of deployments, and then we
basically just iterate off of them.
If we need more stuff in our front end,
what do we do?
We just simply add more to that, yep,
add more to the service directory.
If we need a whole new template,
really quickly if I was to say,
all right,
well I know some of them use a .npmrc.
Here's the best part,
you don't even have to template it.
You can just put it in there so
that they get it.
It doesn't have to be a templated file,
It just simply is saying,
I want this CLI tool to give me everything
that a developer expects, right?
And so if we wanted to do that, right,
we could just simply say, okay,
cool, npmrc.npmrc, and .npmrc.
And within five seconds almost,
right, now,
I can literally, Get an npmrc file.
[LAUGH] And again, it's not templated, it
doesn't have anything unique about it, but
it's within the developer's expectations
of what they're gonna get, right?
And on top of it,
it also takes their control away.
And it says,
we're in control of this file.
If you need it, we'll give it to you.